Question 1.1\
  Results are present in 1.1 directory. Every result is available in both .fig and .png formats. The contents of the directory are as follows:\
    1.1a - Result for part a) generated by Script_a.m \
    1.1c - Result for part c) generated by Script_c.m

Question 1.2\
  Results are present in 1.2 directory. Every result is available in both .fig and .png formats. The contents of the directory are as follows:\
    1.2a - Result for part a) generated by Script_a.m \
    1.2b - Result for part b) generated by Script_b.m\
    1.2d - Result for part b) generated by Script_d.m\
    (Results are generated from N=1 to 30 as beyond 30 the code was taking too long to run each iteration)
    
Question 1.3\
  Results are present in 1.3 directory. Every result is available in both .fig and .png formats. The contents of the directory are as follows:\
    1.3b1 - Result for part b) for T=1 generated by Script_b1.m \
    1.3b2 - Result for part b) for T=10 generated by Script_b2.m\
    1.3c1 - Result for part c) for N=10 generated by Script_c1.m\
    1.3c2 - Result for part c) for N=50 generated by Script_c2.m\
    1.3c3 - Result for part c) for N=100 generated by Script_c3.m\
    (Results couldnt be generated for T=100 in part b) and N=1000 in part c) as the code had to be left running for way too long)

Question 1.4\
  Results are present in 1.4 directory. Every result is available in both .fig and .png formats. The contents of the directory are as follows:\
    1.4a - Result for part a) generated by Script_a.m \
    1.4b - Result for part b) generated by Script_b.m
    
